.TH EAPeak 1

.SH NAME
EAPeak - Analysis tool for EAP enabled wireless networks.

.SH SYNOPSIS
eapeak [-h] [-f PCAPS [PCAPS ...]] [-s TARGET_SSIDS [TARGET_SSIDS ...]]
       [-l] [-c] [-i INTERFACE] [-v] [--no-xml | --xml] [--export-x509]
       [--x509-format {der,pem}]

.SH DESCRIPTION
EAPeak is an open source tool to facilitate auditing of wireless
 networks that utilize the Extensible Authentication Protocol framework
for authentication.  It is meant to give useful information relating to
 the security of these networks for pentesters to use while searching for
vulnerabilities.  The output of eapeak is a summary of the available 
networks, which BSSIDs are broadcasting them, and what clients are
 associated with them.  The networks are organized based on SSID and if 
no SSID is available they are marked as UNKNOWN_SSID with the 
corresponding BSSID.  Each network is also shown with any clients that 
have been associated with it and the EAP type(s) that the client seems 
to support.

.SH OPTIONS 
usage: eapeak [-h] [-f PCAPS [PCAPS ...]] [-s TARGET_SSIDS [TARGET_SSIDS ...]]
              [-l] [-c] [-i INTERFACE] [-v] [--no-xml | --xml] [--export-x509]
              [--x509-format {der,pem}]

EAPeak: Analysis tool for EAP enabled wireless networks

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -f PCAPS [PCAPS ...], --file PCAPS [PCAPS ...]
                        the path to the PCap file(s)
  -s TARGET_SSIDS [TARGET_SSIDS ...], --ssid TARGET_SSIDS [TARGET_SSIDS ...]
                        specific SSID(s) to analyze
  -l, --live            analyze packets live
  -c, --curses          use the BETA curses interface when capturing live
  -i INTERFACE, --iface INTERFACE
                        interface to use when capturing live
  -v, --version         show program's version number and exit
  --no-xml              don't export data to xml (default: save when
                        capturing)
  --xml                 export data to xml (default: save when capturing)

certificate export options:
  --export-x509         start EAPeak certificate export wizard
  --x509-format {der,pem}
                        format to save certificates as, default: pem

.SH RESOURCES
EAPeak relies on the Scapy libraries from the community repository.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2011 SecureState 

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify 
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by 
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or 
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, 
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of 
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
 GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License 
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software 
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston,
MA 02110-1301, USA.

.SH BUGS
EAPeak Developers
E-mail : eapeakdev [at] SecureState [dot] com

.SH AUTHOR 
Spencer McIntyre 
E-mail : SMcIntyre [at] SecureState [dot] com

.SH SEE ALSO
RFC 2716 (EAP-TLS)
.P 
RFC 3748 (EAP)
.P
RFC 4851 (EAP-FAST)
.P
RFC 5281 (EAP-TTLSv0)
