.TH EAPwn 1

.SH NAME
EAPwn - Python Soft AP For Client-Side EAP-Orientated Attacks

.SH SYNOPSIS
eapwn [-h] [-v] -e ESSID -i IFACE [-b BSSID] [-c CHANNEL]
      [--types EAP_TYPES [EAP_TYPES ...]] [--mschap MSCHAP_CHALLENGE]
      [--xml]

.SH DESCRIPTION
EAPwn is an open source tool, distributed with EAPeak that is designed
to help the security assessment of wireless networks that utilize the 
802.1x standard for authentication.  It is designed to offer a Soft AP
that is capable of facilitating EAP related client side attacks.  In
the event that the target network does not support EAP, EAPwn can still
be used as a social engineering tool.  Users can currently only
configure EAPwn for use with LEAP, however any EAP type can be used to
harvest usernames.

It is important that the wireless interface that is selected supports
injection.  Use the Aircrack-ng utility to configure the wireless
interface, and ensure that it is on the same channel as the target AP. 

.SH OPTIONS 
usage: eapwn [-h] [-v] -e ESSID -i IFACE [-b BSSID] [-c CHANNEL]
             [--types EAP_TYPES [EAP_TYPES ...]] [--mschap MSCHAP_CHALLENGE]
             [--xml]

EAPwn: Python Soft AP For Client-Side EAP-Orientated Attacks

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -v, --version         show program's version number and exit
  -e ESSID, --essid ESSID
                        target ESSID
  -i IFACE, --iface IFACE
                        interface to use when capturing live
  -b BSSID, --bssid BSSID
                        target BSSID
  -c CHANNEL, --channel CHANNEL
                        target channel
  --types EAP_TYPES [EAP_TYPES ...]
                        list of specific EAP types to support
  --mschap MSCHAP_CHALLENGE
                        specify a static MSChap challenge to use
  --xml                 export data to xml

.SH RESOURCES
EAPwn relies on the Scapy libraries from the community repository.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2011 SecureState 

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify 
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by 
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or 
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, 
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of 
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
 GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License 
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software 
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston,
MA 02110-1301, USA.

.SH BUGS
EAPeak Developers
E-mail : eapeakdev [at] SecureState [dot] com

.SH AUTHOR 
Spencer McIntyre 
E-mail : SMcIntyre [at] SecureState [dot] com

.SH SEE ALSO
RFC 2716 (EAP-TLS)
.P 
RFC 3748 (EAP)
.P
RFC 4851 (EAP-FAST)
.P
RFC 5281 (EAP-TTLSv0)
